README.md, before:

# octane-story-creator-action
 GitHub Action to Create Octane Stories

## GitHub Action Configuration

```
name: Octane Story Creator

on:
  issue_comment:
    types: [created, edited]

jobs:
  octane-story:
    name: Create Octane Story
    if: ${{ github.event.issue.pull_request }}
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: jamesnswithers/octane-story-creator-action@main
        env:
          GITHUB_TOKEN: '${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}'
          SERVER: '${{ secrets.OCTANE_SERVER }}'
          WORKSPACE: '${{ secrets.OCTANE_WORKSPACE }}'
          SHARED_SPACE: '${{ secrets.OCTANE_SHAREDSPACE }}'
          USER: '${{ secrets.OCTANE_USER }}'
          PASSWORD: '${{ secrets.OCTANE_PASSWORD }}'
          APPLICATIONS: <CSV List of Application IDs> e.g. 11001,11012
```

## Use
From a Pull Request you can us the `create` command to create User Stories, Defects and Quality Stories.

The `create` command structure is:

```
/octane create <type> "optional title"
```

The Action will create a story and comment in the Pull Request the story reference.

If left blank, the title for the Octane story will be taken from the title of the Pull Request.

### Types
You can specify one of three types; `story`, `defect` and `quality`.

Commit message:

small fixes to readme, added info r.e. help command

README.md, after:

# octane-story-creator-action
 GitHub Action to Create Octane Stories

## GitHub Action Configuration

```
name: Octane Story Creator

on:
  issue_comment:
    types: [created, edited]

jobs:
  octane-story:
    name: Create Octane Story
    if: ${{ github.event.issue.pull_request }}
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: jamesnswithers/octane-story-creator-action@main
        env:
          GITHUB_TOKEN: '${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}'
          SERVER: '${{ secrets.OCTANE_SERVER }}'
          WORKSPACE: '${{ secrets.OCTANE_WORKSPACE }}'
          SHARED_SPACE: '${{ secrets.OCTANE_SHAREDSPACE }}'
          USER: '${{ secrets.OCTANE_USER }}'
          PASSWORD: '${{ secrets.OCTANE_PASSWORD }}'
```

## Use
From a Pull Request you can use the `create` command to create User Stories, Defects and Quality Stories.

The `create` command structure is:

```
/octane create <type> "optional title"
```

The Action will create a story and comment in the Pull Request the story reference.

If left blank, the title for the Octane story will be taken from the title of the Pull Request.

You can also use the `help` command to create a comment with information about the action.

```
/octane help
```

### Types
You can specify one of three types; `story`, `defect` and `quality`.
